README.md, before:

# SolDev UI

Learn to Develop using Solana. Tutorials, SDK's, Frameworks, Developer Tools, Security, Scaffolds, and Projects implementations!

## :hammer_and_wrench: Installation Steps

1. Install the dependencies:

```bash
npm install
# or
yarn install
```

2. create a file called `.env.local` to setup the environment and paste following into that:

3. Finally, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
```

## 👨‍💻 Contributing

- Any contributions are **greatly appreciated**.

### Bug / Feature Request

If you find a bug in the website, kindly open an issue [here](https://github.com/https://github.com/ironforge-cloud/soldev-ui/issues/new) by
including a proper description about the bug and the expected result. Similarly, we would be glad to hear about new features to add in the project, kindly follow same procedure for it too.
Additionally, feel free to look at the [current milestone](https://github.com/ironforge-cloud/soldev-ui/milestone/) to get a better sense of the project's future.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

Commit message:

refactor: tracks / units / lessons / content and labs
refactor: call Lessons 'Lessons' rather than CourseModuleItems
refactor: rename CourseModules to 'Units' per soldev
refactor: remove 'number' from Lesson and Unit
fix: lessons are fetched by slugs not by name.
fix: update next minor version to fix warnings
fix: update for current course structure JSON file used by soldev, TS fixes
fix: moves types into types.ts, since they're used outside of fetching the course
fix: use return types on functions, rather than adding a full type (of function) to every function
fix: delete comments that describe code - people reading code will know TS
fix: add TODOs for odd TS
fix: update course description to match current soldev
fix: missing docs
fix: fix next font deprecation warning
fix: remove duplicate sample env file
fix: use fetch-unfucked to reduce HTTP work (handling TODOs in fetch-github)
fix: document how to get values for env variables
fix: add missing environment variables from .env.example
fix: remove duplicate .env.example (yes that was missing variables too)
fix: update caniuse to fix warning

README.md, after:

# SolDev UI

The UI used to display the Solana Course at https://soldev.app

Note the main [Solana Course repo](https://github.com/Unboxed-Software/solana-course) now has a smaller version of this UI included, so this repo isn't necessary for local development or production deployment on other domains.

## :hammer_and_wrench: Installation Steps

1. Install the dependencies:

```bash
npm install
# or
yarn install
```

2. create a file called `.env.local` to setup the environment.

Since the `.env.local` file contains secrets, you will have to ask a colleague - Nick Frostbutter or Mike MacCana both have working copies of this file.

`.env.example` has a version of what it should look like.

3. Finally, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
```

## 👨‍💻 Contributing

- Any contributions are **greatly appreciated**.

### Bug / Feature Request

If you find a bug in the website, kindly open an issue [here](https://github.com/https://github.com/ironforge-cloud/soldev-ui/issues/new) by
including a proper description about the bug and the expected result. Similarly, we would be glad to hear about new features to add in the project, kindly follow same procedure for it too.
Additionally, feel free to look at the [current milestone](https://github.com/ironforge-cloud/soldev-ui/milestone/) to get a better sense of the project's future.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!
